Documentation: Doc/update python environment if getting new Ansys version (#652)
pyansys/pydpf-core: docs/source/getting_started/compatibility.rst

     - 0.2.*

Updating Python environment
---------------------------

> 

Reviewer: Passing to upgrading maybe?

> Passing from an Ansys version to another (e.g. passing from Ansys 2022 R2 to Ansys 2023 R1), it is needed 

Author: Updating ?

Reviewer 2: @anslpa The Google Developer Style Guidelines say not to use Latin phrases, such as e.g. or i.e.). I'm not exactly sure what you want to say. When moving from one Ansys release to another, you must update the ``ansys-dpf-core`` package and its dependencies. To get the latest version of the ``ansys-dpf-core`` package, use this code:

Author: Thanks !

to update ansys-dpf-core package and its dependencies. To get the latest version of ansys-dpf-core, use:

.. code::
    
	pip install --upgrade --force-reinstall ansys-dpf-core

> To get a specific version of ansys-dpf-core (e.g. 0.7.0), use:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get a specific version of the ``ansys-dpf-core`` package, such as 0.7.0, use this code:
```
